Jira:OSDOCS-2009 Add PrivateLinks to Networking (#32552)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/osd-aws-privatelink-about.adoc

[id="osd-aws-privatelink-about.adoc_{context}"]
= Understanding PrivateLink

> A {product-title} cluster can be created without any requirements on public subnets or public internet access. In this configuration, Red Hat uses AWS PrivateLink to manage and monitor a cluster in order to avoid any public ingress or egress network traffic.

Reviewer: Suggest changing "Red Hat uses AWS PrivateLink to manage..." to "Red Hat uses AWS PrivateLink ("rivateLink)to manage..."

> A {product-title} cluster can be created without any requirements on public subnets or public internet access. In this configuration, Red Hat uses AWS PrivateLink (PrivateLink) to manage and monitor a cluster in order to avoid any public ingress or egress network traffic.

Reviewer 2: `A {product-title} cluster can be created without any requirements on public subnets or public internet access.`
Should it be public here?

Author: Hi @xueli181114, - Just a clarification,  are you suggesting to remove public from in front of internet access (It seems a bit redundant), or something else?

Reviewer 3: @xueli181114 @kmccarron-rh - PrivateLink clusters actually need public egress in order to install OCP components. Can we reword this to just public ingress endpoints?

Reviewer 4: @dustman9000 It's a little nuanced though, right? It's _technically_ public egress, but it's going through the customer's private network. I just don't want the customer to think that we're bypassing something

Author: @wgordon17  Not sure what the takeaway action is here - Can you clarify what change, if any, needs to be made here?

Reviewer: s/ A {product-title} cluster can be created without any requirements on public subnets or public internet access. In this configuration, Red Hat uses AWS PrivateLink (PrivateLink) to manage and monitor a cluster in order to avoid any public ingress or egress network traffic. 
/ A {product-title} cluster can be created using AWS PrivateLink (PrivateLink) to allow Red Hat to manage and monitor a cluster through a customer's private network. Although Red Hat accesses the private cluster through public ingress, the cluster is secured by AWS PrivateLink.

@wgordon17 @dustman9000 @kmccarron-rh WDYT of my suggestion? If needed, the last sentence could be deleted entirely. But I think the first two sentences may be accurate enough.

Reviewer 4: I had actually made a suggestion down further (https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/32552#discussion_r646879608), GH didn't seem to tie it all together too well :(

Author: Ah - got it. Thanks

> A {product-title} cluster can be created without any requirements on public subnets or public internet access. In this configuration, Red Hat uses AWS PrivateLink (PrivateLink) to manage and monitor a cluster in order to avoid any public ingress or egress network traffic.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A {product-title} cluster can be created without any requirements on public subnets, Internet Gateways, or NAT Gateways. In this configuration, Red Hat uses AWS PrivateLink (PrivateLink) to manage and monitor a cluster in order to avoid all public ingress network traffic.
```

@kmccarron-rh WDYT?

Author: Looks good - I will make a couple of minor non-content affecting changes (style).
